 2.00 pm The players have made their way out to the middle. Rohit Sharma takes guard. Kohli is at the other end, and Kyle Mills is all warmed up. One slip in place

 1.50 pm MS Dhoni, at toss time, said India have only been playing at 60% and Brendon McCullum followed a similar route saying his side have answered a few question and not done so on a few others. The pitch might skid on a little at night so India's bowling will be put to the test again.

 Shrek: "So Kohli's evolution to being a like-for-like replacement for Sachin seems complete. 1. Start at lower down the order in Tests and ODIs - Check 2. Cement No 4 spot in the Test team - Check 3. Become a regular part-time bowler in ODIs - Check 4. Open the batting in an ODI in NZ - Check. "

 1.45 pm You can count on certain things in life. The magnificence of a steaming cup of coffee when you're half-asleep (read nothing into this), the thrill of a great cricket match and almost just as much the buzz around a team's selection...

 Jay: "How's MSDs Toss winning percentage.....4 from 4 in NZ, 2 from 3 in South Africa!! Pity this is resulted in 4 losses, 1 No result and 1 tie - was really hoping he lost the toss today!!"

 Deepak: "So there is not left-handed batsman in India's line-up today. It should have been the talented Rohit instead of Dhawan." You've forgotten SRJ there, haven't you? Also, bit more news on the India team: Virat Kohli will be opening today

 Mike: "Bit of a mistake to rest Anderson this match you'd think. Jimmy Neesham has not given me the impression that he is a good like-for-like replacement (with either the bat or the ball). Expecting a strong showing from the Indians who have continued to improve as the series has progressed. Should be causing some worries for the test series if that pattern continues!"

 Ravinder: "@cricnfo:- You said bit of rest for Corey Anderson! I think its rest for India bowlers!"

 1.30 pm India have won the toss and will bat. Confirmation of Binny's debut is in so Suresh Raina out, but India have made another change: Shikhar Dhawan sits out for Ambati Rayudu. Virat Kohli will be opening New Zealand have brought back Kyle Mills and Jimmy Neesham in. Bit of a rest for Corey Anderson and Mitchell McClenaghan.

 Mohan: "I think Binny should replace Raina and Dhoni should come at No.5 and Binny at No.6. Raina is not much effective at No.5 since long time."

 1.25 pm Abhishek Purohit has given us our first bit of news today: Stuart Binny has been handed his first one-day cap, though we're not sure who he's replacing yet. "Binny is bowling on the side wicket now along with Ashwin, Bhuvi, Aaron and Shami," Abhishek says.

 Just enough time to dip into the preview, folks. This is Sidharth Monga, also being wary about India's bowlers.

 Alpesh: "Can we see some innovations & variations from Dhoni in this game? It is super crucial to come with fresh ideas & surprise the opposition & stay ahead in the game. We have been too much stereotype & it has not helped so far"

 1.20pm It's a clear and sunny day in Hamilton so far. "Do we really need a toss? anyhow India is going to bowl first" True that, Madhu, but we never know

 1.10pm We are back to Hamilton. The series is still alive although New Zealand can't lose it. They will be gutted if they don't win it, though. With some sloppy cricket towards the end three nights ago, have New Zealand given India an opening? Will we continue to see New Zealand batting first and posting big totals and India coming close to achieving them? Toss is in 20 minutes 
