 It will be Bhuvneshwar Kumar to open the bowling

 1.58pm The New Zealand openers are out in the middle, with the Indian fielders already in position for this third ODI in Auckland.

 Dinesh Kanna: "I was really impressed with Varon in his debut match. I still remember his spell at death to clean up England's tail. It was great sight to see an Indian bowler hitting stumps at will. Hope he delivers such performance today, what is his actually his second chance at international cricket. It will be great to have him, Shami, Umesh Yadav (hope he works on his bowling economy) and Bhuvi bowl for India in 2015 World Cup. I know this ain't going to happen as Captain Dhoni made his stand clear in recent press meet."

 Rohan: "I still don't understand why people expect pace to be a solution to India's problems?! Not all Kiwis/Aussies bowlers bowl real quick, yet they have been able to trouble batsmen of all variety. Malaise is deeper than pace!"

 Nish: "Think India's weakness with both their ineffective spinners will be exposed yet again today & can see NZ wrapping up the series! "

 shanoj: "Still not convinced with Indian line up, why they keeps Ashwin in the side? but bit happy in the omission of Ishant"

 Rams: "with Aaron in the side. I would finally say India has a fast bowler in the team.Hope he bowls @ 150 KM mark.Good luck Aaron."

 1.45pm Anyone else amped to see Varun Aaron in action? Could he be India's answer to Adam Milne? He has not played any international cricket since December 2011 so he will have a few nerves to get out of the way first

 Vijay Parimoo: "With a bowling lineup as India has, the ability of Indian bowlers to put pressure on NZ batting is limited so they'd not be able to contain them from chasing a target. Good choice by Dhoni to bat last "

 vibhash: "Since Ishant is not playing today, I hope he utilizes this time to get a haircut. That would be his first step in making amends."

 1.40pm Craig McMillan reckons the fast bowlers will relish the hard surface, with the bowlers enjoying some nice carry to the keeper. The straight boundary is 60m, while hitting to fine leg is only 37m, with a good breeze behind it as well. Perfect conditions for both sides, but the bowlers will enjoy the deck first up.

 ambrish: "Dhoni should have batted first.. I have a feeling its going to be the same script all three matches"

 Prasanna S: "Is it India's foreign policy to keep chasing targets abroad."

 Tanveer: "I expect India will hit NZ with everything they got."

 Jaz: "India would be under tremedous pressure to win, Ms Dohni should think something out of the box today"

 Some team changes to mention: Hamish Bennett in for Kyle Mills while the speedy Varun Aaron replaces the Ishant Sharma

 Toss - India have won and have elected to bowl first

 1.35pm Need a refresher on how the series has gone so far? We have got you all sorted, in the form of Sidharth Monga's preview, which has all the relevant talking points and people of interest to keep abreast of.

 1.30pm We are just moments from the toss. What would you choose if you won the toss?

 cardassian: "Huge opportunity here for NZ to win a series. Let's hope we're in for another highly entertaining game."

 1.15pm Hello and welcome to our coverage of the third ODI, being played at Eden Park in Auckland. It s nice and clear, and we are in for a good evening of cricket. New Zealand need to win this to make it three wins in a row for the first time since 2010. And won't they like to seal the series here? India need to win to keep the series alive and hang on to their No. 1 ranking, which they will lose should they lose this series. Toss is in 15 minutes 
