 Game time. Martin Guptill and Jesse Ryder are opening for New Zealand. Guptill needs some runs, hasn't been too flash of late. Bhuvneshwar Kumar has the first new ball, bowling over the wicket with two slips.

 1.45 pm Gareth: "I don't know that bowling first was the right option for Dhoni. Early wickets in a DL chase greatly affects your target, and NZ have proven they strike early and strike often. They may be up against it if NZ hold their wickets and post a decent score."

 Nitin: "Dhoni's stubbornness to stick to his players has been talked about for years now. Hope he atleast swaps Rohit with Rahane."

 Dhoni said at the toss that the pitch may slow down slightly as the game progress, no other special reasons for bowling first. Brendon McCullum said New Zealand would have batted first as well, though he too said the pitch may slow up a little. So the surface isn't as quick as the one at McLean Park was.

 Toss, 1.30 pm MS Dhoni has won the toss and India are going to bowl first again. And India have named an unchanged XI. New Zealand have made just the one change. Kyle Mills comes in for the injured Adam Milne.

 Chris: "Was the Bowl First decision based on the slow pitch? or the fact its forecasted to rain around 6pm which would reduce India's batting overs - as well as the target..." Yes, I think the forecast would have had something to do with Dhoni's decision, also India have been an ace chasing unit of late, though largely at home.

 Aaron: "An unchanged Indian Xi, don't know what to say. You have Varun Aaron who can clock 140-150, on the bench. Rayudu who's a better batsman than Raina, on the bench. Does Dhoni need to lose #1 ranking to wake up?"

 casca: "Now how do you interpret this ? Is it plain "showing faith in your team" or stubbornness on the part of Dhoni. The Sharmas sure seem to have the vote of confidence." Dhoni's spoken often - and also just before this tour - about backing individuals in the team.

 Amit: "Glad that Dhoni has stuck to his guns in what is essentially the process of building up to the world cup! Calling for Raina to be dropped is beyond ridiculous!"

 1.15 pm Good day, and welcome to ESPNcricinfo's ball-by-ball coverage of the second ODI in Hamilton, where I'm pleased to say the weather is fair at the moment and the forecast for the day isn't bad either. But don't hold me to that. A definite improvement from the wetness over the previous days.

 New Zealand beat India in Napier with terrific fielding and effective use of the short ball, and they are likely to do more of the same at Seddon Park. And should India lose today, they will lose the No. 1 ranking in ODIs, for the time being.

 Virat Kohli was quite good at explaining how he plays the short ball. He's one of few Indian batsman to have had success against that length. He says to hook, pull or leave a rising delivery, you need to want to hit it first.

 Asim: "I'm really excited about seeing Hamish Bennett in squad, He is also a good fast bowler that clicks around 145... watch out for him if they get opportunity."

 Vinu: "i really hope binny and rayudu play today." We'll know soon enough. The toss is at 1.30 pm.

 Ravinder: "I hope Dhoni makes two changes minimum if not four. Binny for Ashwin and Aaron for Ishant."

 Mark: "@Asim Bennett is more like 135km these days but he has a good quicker ball that is 145km. He's not consistently fast like Milne, but has that ability up his sleeve. I guess he's learned from his injuries not to go express every ball. " 
